docs: rework lifecycle hooks topic for style and clarity (#36353)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/glossary.md

See  [workspace configuration](#cli-config)

{@a content-projection}

## content projection

> A way to insert HTML content from outside a component into the component's template in a designated spot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A way to insert DOM content from outside a component into the component's view in a designated spot.
```

{@a U}

{@a unidirectional-data-flow}

## unidirectional data flow

> As the Angular [change detector](#change-detection) traverses the [view hierarchy](#view-hierarchy), it needs to be sure that a change in a child does not make a change in its own parent that would lead to an infinite loop. To ensure this, it applies the *unidirectional data flow* rule, which forbids updates to the view after it has been composed.

Reviewer 2: "To ensure this...." should be on its own line.

{@a U}

{@a unidirectional-data-flow}

## unidirectional data flow

A data flow model where the component tree is always checked for changes in one direction (parent to child), which prevents cycles in the change detection graph.

In practice, this means that data in Angular flows downward during change detection.
A parent component can easily change values in its child components because the parent is checked first.
A failure could occur, however, if a child component tries to change a value in its parent during change detection (inverting the expected data flow), because the parent component has already been rendered.

> In development mode, Angular throws an error if your app attempts to do this, rather than silently failing to render the new value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In development mode, Angular throws the `ExpressionChangedAfterItHasBeenCheckedError` error if your app attempts to do this, rather than silently failing to render the new value.
```
